Oh, shit! Yeah! How's everybody doing tonight? Yeah! My name's Rob Schrab. I'm controlling
tonight. Who cares? You care. Thank you very much. Welcome to Dynasty Typewriter, and we
are going to be doing Harmontown is now in Sanctuary! Let's give it up for our
Dungeon Master, Spencer Crittenden. Look, it's so nice tonight. How you doing, Spencer?
I'm good. Oh, man. It's been a while. Has it? No! Let's give it up for the mayor of Harmontown.
Dan Harmon.Town! Look at him! Yeah! Thank you. Thank you very much. From the bottom of my hip to the hop to the
hip to the heart. Damn! Back in the day, I used to fuck your mama in a bell. Hey, and I used to milk her like a cow.
Alright, sorry. Thank you very much. You got a little dill in there. I used to fuck her. Like a cow! Like a cow! I fucked your mama.
I was talking about my UTI backstage, and Rob was like... You used to be represented by them.
It's true. Yeah, it's true. Twenty years. Urinary talent. International. I'm talking about my UTI, and
Rob's like squinting at me and listening, and then in between sentences he goes,
Are you going to be low energy tonight? Well, I haven't been around for a while. I want to make it worth my while.
Yeah, we're here to serve. That's good. It'll be worth my while. You having a fun time working on my show?
Don't you know? I don't know. Sometimes I'm not there. I went on vacation for a week. You were in there.
I mean, I did already ask you offstage. I don't know. I'm just asking in front of people. Yeah, I'm having a great time.
Alright, let's talk to Spencer. It's a great show. Spencer. Hey, hey Dan. Do you like what I'm doing on the show?
This one or the Rick and Morty? The Rick and Morty show. Am I pulling my weight? I think so. You don't weigh that much.
I'm on that noon till eight fast. Have you heard of this? It's a new fast where you only eat from noon till 8 p.m.
Really? Intermittent fasting? What's that? You're talking about intermittent fasting? Why is it intermittent? It's intermittent because fasting would mean you aren't eating at all.
See, Dan? Yeah. This is weird for two reasons. First of all, breakfast, fast, is right in the name. I've never understood that.
Oh, well, it means breaking the fast probably from sleeping all night. But this is now in a world where I'm rarely surprised anymore about these new dietary fads.
This is the one I really thought they'd never... Breakfast now is out. Is it the most important meal of the day, the one that sets your metabolism?
You know that the breakfast is the most important meal of the day is a marketing slogan invented to sell bacon.
Alright. Just bacon? Just bacon. It turns out that people weren't liking all these lean cuts of pork and they were like, let's make all this fatty pork
and no one knew what bacon was, no one wanted bacon. Also, then they were making the lean cuts of pork because people were like, fat!
Oh, no! Not fat! We gotta have carbs and shit! And then so they were like, but bacon. And then that got people into bacon.
And then they're like, bacon. And that's where bacon culture came from, was just trying to sell this shitty scrap of pork that weren't selling as lean.
It's funny the idea of me being disappointed to find out where bacon culture came from. Like there's a purer place.
I thought farmers made it up around the breakfast table and handed it down like pagans.
In a world where Coke invented Santa Claus. Right.
I like that stuff. I just wish that we wouldn't ruin it by then taking it too seriously. That's what Campbell always said.
He was like, all ceremony is great. He was a Catholic choir boy. He was into the Boy Scouts.
He loved ceremony. He loved ritual. He thought it was so important.
You know, Campbell recommended that he's like, you know, in a lot of like the more grounded tribal societies that we can still observe today,
they maintain this thing where if you make it to middle age, there's a point where you should change your name. Doesn't that sound organic?
Yeah, that does.
And when Cody proposed to me and she was like, you know, she put Dan Heller on the ring, I'm like, I think I'm going to commit to that.
Not because I respect women because I hate myself.
Yeah.
And like, it was really thought about because they really haven't even been noticing.
I've been kind of like a real gooberious schnook, you know, in this show.
I hate doing the show. I hate myself. It's myself. I hate. I don't hate you guys.
Yeah.
It would definitely cut down on the Google like trauma.
Yeah, it's like it's both simultaneously. It hits the chicken shit spot.
But for like this noble, exciting reason, doesn't Daniel Heller sound like a writer?
Sure.
Partially because there's Hellers that are famous writers.
How about Danny?
Danny. Well, okay, I'm not going to I'm not going to I'm not going to poop.
Danny Elizabeth Heller.
But I think I think the mistake that I made when I was in eighth grade, I started, I would hit, you know, those puberty hormones.
I started going like, don't call me. Stop calling me Daniel. Call me Dan.
I thought that was such a manly move.
No offense to Dan's out there. I'm one of you.
But it was just like, I was already a Daniel and I threw that shit away.
I had this amazing biblical name that was like steeped in blood and fucking like conquering and like through through your art.
You know, like like the story of Daniel such a great one.
Yeah, Daniel in the lion's den.
Yeah.
He was an interpreter of dreams and then like his competitors were like, let's catch him being a Jew or whatever.
And they they like they ratted him out and then we're a Christian.
I don't even know what I don't even know which Bible the Daniel story is in.
I think it's Old Testament, right? It's a Hebrew name.
But they so so I can't remember.
I saw veggie tales about it.
Hell yeah.
And played by a carrot.
Yeah, sure.
I eat it.
And then I read the the actual story and whatever Bible it was.
And it was like, wow, this is like they yeah, they threw him in the den.
And but then the God was like, fuck you.
And then but then and then it was like all of the people who betrayed him and conspired against him.
I think all of them and all of their families got thrown in the lion's den.
They live that part of the veggie tales, even though they're vegetables.
So lions eating him wouldn't even be it would be good for them.
I wonder if the lions were vegetables.
Did the lions kill the family?
Oh, yeah.
They couldn't they couldn't spread that miracle.
No, I mean, if God made the lions not eat the families of the betrayers,
then only thing God would be succeeding demonstrating would be people who just euthanized the lions ago.
These lions are worn out.
Right.
Not eating anybody.
And God was like, nope, flip the script.
Those lions are eating non Christians.
Non Christians.
I guess it was like Daniel was like he got this gig like as basically the king's therapist and it wasn't a Christian empire.
And the king would say, hey, Daniel, I had this dream.
Can you interpret it?
And Daniel would basically take every dream and interpret it as like sounds like you should be Christian.
And the king was like nibbling on that hook.
And that's why his peeps were like, we got to get rid of this Daniel.
They fucked with the wrong guy.
So what did God put the lion and made the lion sleep?
He shut their mouths.
He shut the lion's mouth.
He said, shut your mouth.
And then Daniel fell asleep too.
And they woke up and then like the guards woke up.
He probably pretended to be asleep just to like show off.
The guards the next morning going, oh, we better clean up all that blood and stuff.
Oh, what's up guys?
Can I have a late check out?
Hey, that guy's sleeping with the lions.
All right.
Anyways, but I would name myself Legubrius Schnook.
Are you are you a imperial bounty hunter?
Yeah, I'm certainly like a wizarding bureaucrat.
Okay.
So tell me about the bees.
Let me tell you about these bees.
So some ex start from the start from.
I interrupted you starting to tell you to start from the beginning.
Some portion of time ago I was in Dan's backyard, you know, just snooping around looking for clues.
And I'm noticing, man, there's some bees.
There's not like a lot of bees, but there's bees.
And normally you see like a bee, you know, two bees didn't think about it.
Fast forward to these dudes doing stuff in Dan's house.
They're putting wires places and such and they're like, oh, there's a beehive in this wall.
And we can't, we can't put cords through the wall because the bees.
And I was like, oh, that explains those bees I saw.
And so then I started trying to figure out how to deal with the bees.
I called a bee company.
A bee guy estimate came by.
He's like, here's what we do.
We open up the wall, we get out the bees, we close up the wall, bang, bang, boom.
Sounds great.
We'll come next Thursday.
And I'm like, next Thursday, how about this Thursday?
And they're like, eh.
And then so I was like, okay, I'll see what I could do.
And so I'm looking around for a different bee guy, found a different bee guy.
And then I was like, okay, we got a bee guy to give us an estimate,
but we need a bee guy to come this Thursday, this Friday, something like that.
Can you do that?
And they're like, yeah.
And so then we make the appointment.
Then like two hours late, the bee guy calls me.
He's like, I'm on my way.
And then a half hour later, he shows up.
And then he's not prepared to do the job.
He just tells me what the last estimate guy told me.
I'm like, yeah, no, I know.
That's why I called you.
You said you would be able to take care of the bees.
You can't.
And so he's like, yeah, yeah, I'll come back.
Come back on Monday.
He comes back on Monday.
I see the guy.
Oh, one of the things he says, like, oh, they're in this wall.
I've got to break open the wall.
But man, if that wall is made with cinder blocks,
like the only thing walls are made out of, that's going to be a problem.
And I'm like, it is.
That seems like that's the whole job, really.
We didn't know it was made out of cinder blocks.
But I was like, I think it's a cinder block wall.
It is outdoors.
And that's like, and then you look at these walls,
they're cinder block walls.
Looks like a cinder block wall.
You know, it's about the thickness of a cinder block.
And so, but he's like, yeah, I can do it.
And then so he comes back.
He comes back today.
Again, two hours late.
And not two hours like, not they give you a two hour window
and it's at the end of the two hours window,
two hours after the end of the window.
And I see this guy and he's not carrying like a giant drill
or a jackhammer or like a handheld impact hammer.
Any of these things that I would expect to be necessary
to take out a wall.
And then I'm starting to understand this is why
cinder block walls would pose a problem
because he's not prepared to deal with what those are.
And he does he have.
Oh, so he had nothing.
He had a bee smoker.
A bee smoker.
Yeah, I'm like, that's not going to do the job.
And he starts gathering up dried leaves from your yard
to put the bee smoker.
Didn't even bring his own smoke.
Yeah, he didn't even have like smoke chips
or whatever the fuck or liquid smoke.
I don't know how it works.
But so he so he doesn't have wall opening tools.
And so he comes and looks at the wall and he's like,
I'm going to have to open the wall.
And I was like, yeah, that's what you said last time.
That's what I told you over the phone before you showed up
in the first place.
Anyway, he goes back to his car and he comes back
with a drill and a hammer, just like not even a big hammer,
like a normal sized hammer.
And like, I think we're done here.
But he gets at it.
And I'm watching because he starts smoking the bees.
The bees are getting pissed, which I mean,
the bees get pissed before he starts smoking.
I think he was hitting the wall with a hammer
and you could hear how ineffective the hammer was being
on the wall because it doesn't sound like anything's happening.
It just sounds like if you hit the sidewalk with a hammer.
And so the plan is to pound the walls of the bees home
with a hammer that demonstrates its fortitude.
And then when they come out to kill him,
he's going to start up the smoker with the homegrown leaves in it.
And he wasn't aiming the smoker.
I think the smoker had a spout, kind of like a tea kettle,
like a camping tea kettle.
But he didn't have it aimed that way.
He just had it above the area so it was like an incense stick
just kind of burning the general vicinity of outdoors.
I would have tried to pour smoke into the hole
and then hit the hole with a hammer or something.
Who knows? Anyway.
So then he pulls out his drill.
It's a cordless drill, which don't have a ton of...
I mean, cordless drills have come a long way.
Don't get me wrong.
But it did not look like the cordless drill.
It didn't have a horse power to it.
So I could hear him.
He's drilling a hole in the wall to try and break it open
to try and get something that he could stab a hammer into or something.
And I could hear the drill either running out of batteries
or reaching the limit of its power.
Torque.
Yeah, torque capabilities.
And I'm like, yeah, no, this is definitely what I was expecting.
I mean, not what I was expecting initially.
Like when he showed up, I was like, this is just a disaster.
And so then he tries for a while.
And he's like, yeah, I can't get the wall open.
I'm like, yeah, you don't say.
And he's like, well, what do you want to do?
You could kill the bees.
And I'm like, yeah, no, that was always on the table.
That's not what I was going for.
I could have killed the bees.
I don't even need an apiarist outfit.
But so eventually we...
He was like, you got to get someone...
You need a jackhammer to open.
And I was like, yeah, that's why I was so surprised
that I had to bring one.
And then I don't know.
I was like, OK, so it sounds like one thing I'm going to have to do
is find someone who can open the wall.
Then when that happens, we'll get you back in.
I'm just trying to make them feel better.
And then we'll see about actually solving the problem.
And if I can't get someone to open the wall,
I'll spit a bunch of bleach in there or something.
With your mouth?
Yeah, with my mouth.
The number one spitting thing.
Careful, don't swallow it.
You might cure your autism.
It's a little joke for our UK listeners.
My mom was...
I was talking to my mom the other day and she's like,
you know, I hear if you dilute bleach,
it's good for your health.
And I was like, no, no, no.
Get off the internet.
Like a big thing in the UK there.
Like, it's...
Man, it's just awful.
What are you talking about?
We are in our 30th, 40th, 50th year of mistreating autism in kids.
Even though we know what it is now,
very good at diagnosing it,
but the more parents know what it is,
the more they just don't want their kids to have autism.
So in the 70s, they were cattle prodding kids into...
Like, you know, you cattle prod an autistic kid enough.
If they're, depending on where they are in the spectrum,
you can train them to hug.
It's just fucking brutal, man.
Like late 70s, this was happening in the United States.
And people knowing that the kids...
It wasn't like they didn't know the kids were autistic.
It's like that was the big treatment for autism,
was this guy was like a guru.
It's like zapping kids to make them hug their parents.
And anyways, but in the UK now,
because we've evolved so much,
now there's a new wave of guru,
like somebody that's just younger the better.
Just give them a little British cup of bleach.
Just a little bleach drink.
And you know how many ounces are in those.
It cleans out all those vaccines
that those fucking doctors filled them with.
Get those vaccines out of there with the bleach.
And then go outside and enjoy that sweet, flat earth.
Just roll forever.
Or don't roll forever.
No, God, I'm sorry.
No, that's what those idiots think.
You can roll forever.
Just roll very carefully around outside,
depending on where you are.
People are actually drinking bleach.
No, they're making kids drink it.
The kids...
If the kids...
Isn't that killing?
Yeah, back in my day,
telling someone to drink bleach
was just telling them to kill themselves.
Right.
I'm sure they're diluting it,
but what they're doing is they're stripping
the esophageal mucus membranes, probably,
probably permanently damaging the kids
in their developmental stages.
So they'll be autistic.
And when they learn...
At the age when you usually already learn
everyone's an idiot,
imagine these poor kids is like,
why can't I breathe?
Oh, you're a fucking idiot.
That's horrible.
And you tried to make me hug you
by poisoning me.
Why am I...
You know, autistic people invented the internet.
The next generation of autistic people
are just going to all be Lex Luthor.
They're all going to kill us.
They're going to be like,
I can't blame them.
I'm not going to blame them.
ASPD says autistic people are meant to
create the virtual reality of the future,
and that's why they exist.
Well, that's fully...
I love ASPD's evolutionary...
Futurism.
Theories and stuff.
Let's bring them up and have them talk about it.
Is he here?
Are you here, ASPD?
I heard someone say, yeah, man.
Ryan Kraus, host of Cold Case Murder Mystery Files,
is here with us.
Damn.
Oh, okay.
Hey.
I guess it was really him saying,
hey, so welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
It'll be on at some point.
Hey, welcome.
Hey.
Welcome.
So you were...
You ghosted us.
You were in the...
I was stalking you.
You were stalking us.
Yeah.
You were in the writer's room all day.
That's true.
Yeah.
Pretty cool, huh?
Yeah, this was very cool.
Hollywood.
Great experience.
Got to sit with Hollywood in a room.
Right.
Yeah.
What was that like?
Did you like it?
I think I was this far from you.
That's too close.
Yeah.
How was that experience?
It was a great experience.
Spoiling anything.
Yeah.
I mean, great.
I enjoyed watching you do your work.
And everybody talking beforehand.
It was amazing.
Yeah.
I like this little shadow program.
As long as the writers don't mind it.
There's a table.
And then there's a whole couch area that we're not using anyway.
Yeah.
You can just sit there and listen to us.
As long as it's someone I trust that's not going to...
You're going to hear like beyond spoilers.
I mean, you're going to hear spoilers that we...
Yeah.
I mean...
You want to...
What spoilers did you hear today?
Oh, let's see.
The People's Basketball Court.
Yeah.
Don't tell them what we're going to do with Wenwolf.
I mean, I can't talk about that, right?
Yeah.
I think I'm going to have...
I'm trying to coordinate.
Maybe I should just tell him to come into whatever he wants now.
But John Singleton's kid, Masai, who also graduated from USC,
is kind of following his dad's footsteps.
He...
Like the last conversation I had with his dad was about how his kid was so into Rick and Morty
and wanted to know more about writing TV.
And I want to get him in there to...
I feel like we're not...
It's just like this story, I've babbled about this before,
but the craft of story breaking,
it seems like such a waste that even I still feel like I'm doing it for the first time every time
because it's like there's no...
We need to record and figure out.
There needs to be a time life book for breaking stories
at some point so that we can stop wasting time and keep evolving.
But it's like you sit in a room and you're like,
oh, how come this doesn't feel like an episode of Small Wonder yet?
And then you talk for six hours,
like what if Small Wonder had an STD?
And then you're like, oh, we got it, we got it.
Now that sounds like an episode of Small Wonder,
but what you're not doing is...
Look, I've said this before,
but it's like if you're a carpenter and you go like,
okay, this is called a joist.
We figured this out.
This has a function, it holds a certain amount of weight,
and so you use it this way,
you put this in at 90 degrees and stuff.
Then you write it down and carpenters don't have to fucking every time they build a house,
go like, huh, so you want to contain people?
I don't do that joist.
And then they have to reinvent the joist.
That's what writers have been doing in TV writer's rooms for basically 60 years
is every single season of almost every episode,
they reinvent the story joist.
And that includes me because I just kind of...
I took photos of every whiteboard when we would work on community.
I'm sure those are around somewhere in some digital box.
I always wanted to do a book or something that would like...
Try to figure this out.
Just so that a subsequent generation can be like, okay, so our goal isn't joists.
It doesn't make us Frank Lloyd Wright.
That's just architecture 101.
Let's finish that.
It's deconstructed, it's reconstructed, it's done, it's geometry, foundations, basic shit.
So let's use those principles to either A,
once you understand them, you can then defy them.
I'm not a pedant.
I've been like, oh, so that they always know what to do.
But also, you can just...
It's like, okay, we understand chords now, so let's write a song.
I don't know, whatever.
I'm sure there is an answer to this question, but hearing all that, there are books on screenwriting.
So what don't those do to formalize the process to the extent you're talking about?
I don't know of any books, and I'm sure there are some,
but I don't know of any books that are basically more like manuals for collaborative
and mass-produced, like no bullshit, like,
television TV writers' rooms, basically.
Gee, I wonder why there aren't books...
We were sold 900 copies by now.
But I also think that the principles that...
If you tried to write a textbook for TV writers' rooms on how to break stories,
that I believe that the principles therein would make everybody better at everything.
Yeah, no, I'd agree.
Because really, it's like, at the core of it is,
everything that I do wrong when I try to write by myself,
I'm doing because I'm not talking to other people,
and then everything I'm doing wrong when I'm working with other writers,
everything that's being done right or wrong is happening verbally
in an exchange between people.
But that's what makes that place the right place to MRI the process,
because, oh, we have transcripts from the writer's assistant,
we have results, we have things going from idea to episode.
That's why I'm so...
I've been screaming and pulling my hair out about the development of interactive whiteboard technology,
because it's like...
We have the technology, but no one makes it because there's no specific need
for the exact technology that a writer's room would need.
But it's like, if we had that 10 years ago,
you'd now have 10 years on a hard drive of community story breaking and stuff,
including McKenna and Gans and Andrew Guest working on multiple story circles
for every character in the dice episode.
I'm a big fan of my work.
And I just think it should be stored for all time.
I mean, I'm getting ready to retire here.
You guys are gonna...
Remember when Gandalf had to fight that ball rock?
Imagine if he bought a house instead of coming back and clean her robe.
Can we throw out some cold case files?
Okay, yeah, sorry.
I don't know what got me on that.
Oh, it's because you were in the room today, which I was thrilled about,
because you're such a smart guy, and you expressed interest in it,
and I trust you implicitly had dinner with you when you were on the show,
and I was like, this guy's definitely not gonna run into the street and go,
Beth is a clone!
The...
You'll see.
She's a meeseeks.
Evil Morty made her out of a clone box.
But also, I think that...
I don't want to make people hate you by saying this, but I do think that...
A lot of people already do, it's fine.
Like who? Like who hates you?
Have you ever been getting...
I mean, do you get hate mail?
Oh, definitely, yeah.
People are like, hey, you should say that.
Stop doing that.
Do you ever get that?
I actually...
I get those from people who pay to listen to my podcast, yeah.
I have a lot of hate lists.
What's like the worst, like, hey, you should stop?
Like, in that area?
I think there was one person who left a review for me on Apple Podcast
that suggested one of my episodes was going to
lead a lot of people to commit suicide.
Which episode, do you remember one episode?
The Jameson family.
So it's a mystery where this family in...
I think it was Oklahoma, drove off into the wilderness in a pickup truck.
They've been behaving very strangely beforehand, and it was on camera.
And so no one really knows if they succumbed to mental illness
and it was a murder suicide, or if they were stopped somewhere and murdered.
And, you know, I suggested that I thought based upon their behavior
prior to leaving that they actually were involved in a murder suicide.
And so this person just took it from there.
When you say they were acting strangely, what do you mean?
What were they just...
There's this video of them packing their vehicle,
and it's just really something you have to check out, but...
They kind of look like Sims.
Yeah, I mean, it almost looks like they're robots.
I mean, you don't see any emotion.
It doesn't look like they're interacting in any way whatsoever.
They're packing for a trip, but it's just this very monotonous movement
that just doesn't actually lead to anything involving emotion, I guess.
And behind the scenes, they already...
They were expressing in what ways...
They felt like they were in the midst of some supernatural grip or something.
How do we know that about them before they died?
Yeah, well, they made a lot of suggestions to people at their church.
And so that didn't go over very well.
Churchy folk.
See, that's a good reason not to be religious.
If there's fucking demons in your actual life,
and you tell people at Hardee's...
Oh, Hardee's was a restaurant. What am I doing?
If you tell people you were...
It's like anywhere but church.
At church, they're probably just like,
oh, yeah, just drink more fluids.
And I was like, no, man, you gotta tell people that you're being haunted by demons.
You get the right treatment.
Even if that's demonology, I don't care.
You gotta tell somebody other than your congregation,
and they're not gonna give a shit.
Well, that was essentially the things.
They were looking for a gun,
because they had some sort of a problem with a demon or something like that.
And a pastor, I probably don't have to ask.
Special bullets, I assume.
Demon bullets.
Well, they did get the gun,
and strangely, they found a hole in the skull of the father's head
when they found the remains.
So we don't know if that's a bullet hole, but it could be.
This is what confused me about it
when I was listening from what I remember of your episode,
is that the gun was not there, right?
No, they didn't find the gun.
When they first searched for the bodies,
they didn't find anything in that area,
and then the skeletons were out wide open,
just sitting there for anyone to see at a later point.
They just believed that they might have been moved,
but they could have just missed it.
I thought they were laid flat.
They were huddled next to each other.
I don't know how flat they were,
but they were huddled right next to each other.
This is one that you did not solve, correct?
I would lean toward a murder-suicide,
because of their behavior.
But how can you do murder-suicide without...
You're saying a coyote came and took the gun,
or whoever moved the bodies.
Somebody maybe found the gun.
I would take a gun from a bunch of dead bodies.
Yeah, I mean...
Why would you do that?
Well, I don't have a gun, and they're not using it.
I would probably tell the police,
I'm taking this gun, but I found it off a bunch of dead bodies.
It wasn't me, by the way.
You didn't even want a gun from a gun store.
You're not going to take one from the absolute billboard
for non-gun ownership.
I absolutely would.
I would have turned if you find it on a quest.
You'd be silly not to take it from a bunch of skeletons.
I mean, I probably would have defeated the skeletons first.
Go on, sorry, you got it.
Yeah, sorry.
Because obviously, it goes without saying you can't...
But if he thought they were afflicted by a demon,
he might have thought that was the only way to stop the demon,
was to kill it while it was possessing his family,
or he might have been delusional enough to think that he was possessed by the demon,
so he might be taken by violence and then realized what he'd done.
But were there only holes in his head?
Or were there holes in everybody's head?
No, they just found a hole in his head.
But what was interesting is that there was a very large envelope of cash
underneath the seat in his truck.
So if it had been foul play,
it stands to reason that somebody probably would have looked for his truck.
Or not, but I would assume you would.
Assuming that the money was the motivator for the foul play
and that they knew about the money,
which they would have probably because they were driving around
ostensibly looking for property and saying they had the cash to buy it.
So Occam's razor would say if it was foul play,
it would be related to someone who heard they had a bunch of cash.
And the cash wouldn't have been found in such a simple location.
But also just like killing someone is a dangerous thing.
So if you're not going to get anything from it,
you might just look.
And the money was not like in a hidden Han Solo compartment.
It was like where if you were willing to kill,
you would be willing to look, which was under the seat of their car.
And it's not like deliverance where there was like a hut nearby
where people lived that might have killed them just because killing's fun.
That's been suggested as well.
But I mean, they think that the truck might have been moved from the last place
that the father drove it, but we just don't know.
That one's just creepy, man.
There's video footage of them like just loading up their car.
How many family members?
Just three.
And they're all in on it.
How old were the kids?
I forget.
I think it was just one.
I think they just had a daughter.
I can't recall.
Yeah, it's terrible because I'm cracking funnies,
but there's victims here.
I mean, it's not like the Heaven's Gate thing.
There's victims there, too, if they believed they were going to get in a flying saucer.
But I mean, you're a dependent in your family,
and you end up, regardless of what combination of murder, suicide, it was,
she's a victim.
And I mean, it's like supernatural theories aside,
that makes me really upset to think that she was so captive, for instance,
that she's like loading a car that she possibly knows.
But you talked about how they didn't think,
whatever, listen to the episode, will you?
You did like a four or five hour one on this dude who wanted to commit quantum suicide with his girlfriend.
Oh yeah, that was pretty crazy.
And you hooked into a little bit of Dan Harmon's story circle of magic there.
I appreciated that.
That's not why I like you.
I'm not a flattery person.
What is a quantum suicide?
So the quantum suicide, the idea is that you're going to commit suicide,
but when you die in this world, you're going to transcend to another,
where you made a better decision and you have a better existence moving forward.
Didn't work out too well.
So the idea is he's going to kill himself to go to a better place.
Yeah, he's going to jump off a cliff to go to a better place.
The ground.
Yeah, that's what happened.
But the cliff he chose to jump off of was like 30 feet.
So it was like when Batman drops Falcone off of the thing,
he's like, hey, pick a better spot.
It was like a fall that looked like it was guaranteed to just horribly injure you
if you fell off of it.
That's fucked up with Batman.
Yeah.
You know, he used to use a gun.
Did he ever?
Yeah, he shot some people before.
And then it's like Batman doesn't use guns.
Wait, like in the comic book?
Yeah, yeah, no, he used to have, you know, back in the olden days,
when he wasn't very well established, he would just sometimes shoot people.
A guy with ears on his hat that would show up at crime scenes.
Right.
I'm sure, yeah.
I love that that's how Batman started.
I'm a detective.
What were they called?
What did the gun shoot?
Just batlets.
That's why he stopped using it because of the...
I'm gonna fill you full of batlets.
What?
I don't think he was that.
I don't know if he even had like the Batarang or anything back then.
He was just capping people, just running around.
He used like a regular rope.
So he's just a maniac shooting people.
Oh, yeah.
Imagine being a cop and there's this guy that keeps showing up
and he's wearing a trench coat and he's dressed like a bat.
And he's like, I can hope.
Damn it, Jesus.
Just to take off the...
What are you doing?
You're a detective.
Do you have any Batman stories?
No.
Oh, okay.
Well, you gotta ask.
That's how we find out things.
Uh, let's see here.
Can you solve the case of these bees in my backyard?
I don't know about that.
What's going on with the bees?
We should shoot them with your gun.
It'd be amazing if he broke open the wall and the bees started attacking him,
but then the coyotes came and saved him.
Whoa.
They're like the eagles from War of the Rings.
Yeah, the coyotes haven't been a problem, huh?
I got kind of a money pit situation brewing over at my old house.
Oh man, yeah.
Sorry, I was just getting excited about the money pit.
You guys know about the money pit?
The Shelly Long movie?
Uh, I not, I mean, maybe it was inspired by the money pit,
but the money pits like a real physical thing.
It's a real pit.
Okay.
You guys go.
There's these, there's this island where they like someone was convinced that
there's treasure there and they started digging down,
but the whole kept falling up with water.
And then, then, uh, they became a money pit because they spent like,
like they spent multiple fortunes and businesses went bankrupt for
generations trying to like get to the bottom of this money pit.
And they never really found anybody, anything.
They eventually got this giant drill and the giant drill drilled through
a bunch of layers of shit and like drilled through a bunch of silver.
So it probably just punched through whatever silver cash was down there
or whatever, but they never really got it.
Anyway, I think I know how, how to solve the money pit,
but it's too late now.
So let's just move on.
No, the money pit, it's like, it was sunk with water,
but presumably whoever actually like created it had a,
had a solution to get there.
And there was these giant boulders that were found off the island.
And I think that there was these secret water channels that were
covered by dirt, but if you knew where they were,
you were supposed to put the boulders on top of it and that would
stop the water from pouring in and then you could just dig through
it without it being flooded all the time.
But one of the first things they did was just excavate the shit out of
one of these water channels so it just absolutely couldn't be, uh,
plugged, and then from then on it was just done, son.
The money pit.
What do you think was down there?
It was just like silver.
I don't even think it was that much, but it was cool to the people
who like had a whole lifetime to do shit.
You know, back when there was like, yeah, let's build a pyramid.
That seems like a good use of time.
They found fragments of silver through the drill because they were
just kind of like drilling down and seeing what they found.
There was like a pretty thin layer of silver.
Then at the very bottom, there was these huge subterranean caverns
that didn't seem to have anything of value.
And I think those are flooded too.
Spencer knows so much stuff.
And it's all useless.
No, no.
The other day I called them up and I go, why do pirates wear patches
over their eyes?
Why do pirates wear patches over their eyes?
That's a good question.
Why do they wear them over their eyes?
Because I thought, oh, it's because they've lost their eye
and it looks gross.
But then I was like, well, these...
Right, exactly.
It's more intimidating.
They're supposed to be badasses.
Oh, I don't want you to see how it's really icky underneath here.
So I'm going to put this over there just so when we're talking
face to face, I don't, you know, gross you out.
I'm kind of embarrassed about it.
So I'm going to cover it up.
I was like, ooh, you guys are supposed to be tough.
But then I called my friend Spencer.
And just to be clear, I might be wrong about these.
I was going off of memory.
Yeah, but this tracks for me.
So let's just make it history.
Sure.
Don't at me.
Do you want me to say it or you should say it?
No, no, no.
No, I'm done.
I don't want to talk.
I said, don't at me to the people on Twitter who are going to tell me
that's not why pirates had badges.
Yeah, well, you know.
Just to keep airborne infections out of...
No, no, Spencer, go ahead.
You tell them.
You're so much better at it.
No, I...
Okay, so what I told Trob was that I think for one,
pirates were superstitious.
So I think that they believed stuff.
Like I think one of the reasons they wore earrings was because they just thought
that made them here better.
They had superstitions involving that.
And I think that eyepatches were part of that to the extent that I think they
sometimes just wore them as a superstition.
The other thing, what was the other thing I said?
The other thing was like they thought back then if you squinted,
if you had one eye open, it would see stronger or whatever.
Then squinting both eyes.
Instead of doing this, you just like had one eye completely closed
and you could do that.
And that's why Popeye is like this too.
Right, because he's a sailor man.
And also like you were saying like because it's like bright lights outside during
the day and then you go below deck, your eye has to adjust or whatever,
you know, when you go below deck.
But if you have like this, you can...
You flip it up.
You flip it up and you compensate.
And it's done today as a joke where there's nothing wrong with your eye.
But it's actually...
Oh, you're saying these guys didn't...
I was sorry.
They didn't lose their eye.
No, no, no.
I'm just for no reason.
Well, some of them did.
I mean, they were wearing them for like weird cyborg reasons.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like they thought they were super powering themselves.
Wow.
Like it's like a fingerless glove.
It's like a piece of equipment.
Yeah.
A nautical like road warrior.
Now you're getting it.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're catching on.
Huh.
Yeah.
But also I think I said that, you know, they didn't have good antiseptic technology
back then.
But probably did, you know, help.
The technology of antiseptic wasn't as...
It was urine.
They used urine.
Yeah.
Yeah, they used urine, damn.
Damn, don't use my urine for antiseptic.
There's some shit in there that'll fuck you up.
I don't know what the hell's going on with me.
My dick feels like a lightsaber.
I don't know what you're talking about.
That sounds good.
I haven't seen you in a while.
And I think you look very healthy.
You've lost some weight.
Your skin is good.
I got lab results from my regular doctor.
You cleaned up your acne.
Kidney, liver, prostate, everything's great.
You're wearing a belt.
I don't even know.
I already talked about this.
I think I was pretty drunk last time, but I assume I talked about this.
My vitamin D levels are stabilized.
I was, you know...
How'd you do that?
Are you taking vitamins?
I just took a couple.
Okay.
I didn't even take that many.
I usually forget to take them.
My vitamin D sucks.
I hear mushrooms are good.
But a little vitamin D goes a long way.
Isn't that right, SPD?
Yeah.
Do you have any vitamin Ds?
I'm in perfect health.
I get these results from my regular Beverly Hills doctor.
And then I get this burning cock and weird vitamin D.
Does it hurt right now?
Right now?
It's not.
It feels like I have a...
It feels like I just jerked off an hour ago.
Uh-huh.
I kind of did.
That makes sense.
And then I didn't pee afterwards.
It feels like there's maybe something...
Sorry.
Ladies.
I was going to say sorry ladies.
Sorry everyone.
The men are like, don't tell us more about your dick.
And the women are like, only me.
Only I don't want to hear this.
It's probably the opposite, right?
The women are like, what's going on?
What is with you people?
But it just feels like, no, there's no pain.
Certain positions, like if I put pressure on a certain foot or something.
But sitting isn't a problem.
Like you're not in pain right now.
Right now, fine.
No.
It's just like random positions.
I think there's something in my bladder that is floating around and maybe is like...
And you don't know where you got this from.
A toilet seat?
Maybe.
Wait.
You honestly don't know where you got this.
What do you mean?
I don't even know where you got a UTI.
Well, I'm saying we got a detective here.
We could probably...
Oh, should we do a 911 call?
Yeah.
If we give him some facts, maybe we could back into where you got this thing so you could
prevent it and maybe some listeners out there prevent it from happening to them or you again.
I don't know what I did.
Cody's convinced.
She's like, okay, now will you shower not just after workouts?
She doesn't...
Have you ever gotten a UTI before?
No.
Okay.
So, well, you don't shower a lot.
So it doesn't...
I know, but as you get older, I'm sure your immune system goes down or whatever.
I mean, I got to shower every day now.
When did you first start getting the...
And jump in anytime with any detective questions?
Again.
So, okay, I'm going to figure this out.
Okay.
All right.
So when did you first start feeling UTI in your dick?
Yeah, like several weeks ago.
Several.
Yeah.
So just before going to Disneyland.
It was because I went to the doctor because I didn't want to have to worry about my crotch
during the vacation.
Because you were going to do some...
But the confusing thing is that I also...
Well, I didn't diagnose it as anything.
I didn't tell that doctor there's something wrong with my pee-pee tract because I didn't
know that's what was going on.
I simultaneously...
I think I put a little strain on one of my groin muscles or something.
So you got like a tinge in your taint from doing leg lifts a little too hard.
Yeah.
I work out like a fucking...
I've seen it.
Yeah.
I blast my glutes.
That's what you want to do to them.
I blast anybody's glutes after the show.
Glutes blasted.
This is unisex things.
Non-binary.
I'll blast your glutes.
Everyone's got glutes.
I'm a blaster.
So you're blasting glutes.
You're blasting glutes.
And I had this...
I think I pulled my taint or something.
Right.
The doctor was kind of like...
There's names for those muscles anyways.
In the meantime, at the exact same time around the time, I'm like, I feel this little itty-bitty
tinge in like the tippy-tip of my weenus.
And I'm assuming...
I'm going like, you did something with your taint while you're doing leg lifts and benching.
I bench like 135.
That's 245 plates, right?
One on each side?
Yeah.
Damn.
Whoever plays Minnie Mouse at the Disney park easily without the costume.
I don't know.
Whoever's in there seems like they're probably about...
Okay.
So you're blasting taint.
You're blasting taint.
All of a sudden, you get up and you're like, oh, there's a little twinge?
Yeah.
And so I'm associating that with the tip of the penis thing, right?
Because I'm like...
You ever poke your belly button too hard and you're like...
It's like a nerve ending that shoots to the tip of your dick.
Because that's your insights.
Yeah.
I don't know if everyone has that or not.
A belly button?
Does anybody here have a belly button?
Okay.
Yeah.
No, that happens.
That sounds like just basically everybody.
Okay, yeah.
You don't go digging around in there real hard.
And then there's a nerve that goes to the tip of your wiener, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
So that's kind of...
I was kind of feeling that.
I was like, whatever's going on down there, first of all, I got to figure...
I got to make sure it's not cancer.
Got to make sure.
Because I'm not going to sit here.
You didn't think you just pulled your...
You thought it was...
That's exactly what I thought.
I went to the doctor.
I said, I think I probably just pulled a muscle while I was working out.
But will you please stick your finger up my asshole and feel my balls in that order.
Just smear it all over.
And then all of a sudden I got a UTI and I don't know how.
Now, he checked my balls.
My doctor keeps saying something like...
My doctors check my balls a couple of times.
Every time he does, he says...
I told you the story about how one time I actually caught myself reaching up for my
nipple.
What?
It wasn't because I was turned out.
It was just like...
I felt my balls being touched and I just...
I was like, wow.
Can you put a pin in that?
Put a pin in that.
Put a pin in that because I...
Okay.
My doctor's like, just a guy my age is great.
I have a great doctor.
I know he's checked my balls at least.
I think this is the third time.
I'm a middle-aged man.
Check yourself.
And he says...
He emphasizes how easy it is to check every time he does it.
And I think subtextually what he's saying is stop making me touch your balls.
That's like when you go to the vet and they're like, you can express their anal glands at
home.
It's like, I know I can.
It's like he's going on.
He's kind of like, you know, like I said before, it's all you got to do.
It's just feel here and here and here and that's all there is to it.
And I'm like, yeah, you're doing great.
I'm not touching those fucking things.
You want me to start rubbing my nipples right here?
I went to get my balls and the finger up the butt procedure.
It was like one early...
It was an early morning in March.
It was like cold.
And I'm sitting there and my doctor comes in, Dr. Logan Rose.
And he's Lord Rose.
Logan Rose.
Dr. Logan Rose.
Bounty Hunter.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And he's like this older African-American gentleman with long dreadlocks.
And he's just like, he's a great doctor.
He comes in and it's like cold.
So, you know, and I'm, you know, in the gown and I'm sitting there like all by myself
and he's like, okay, now it's time to do the procedure.
And I turn around and his hands are...
And he's like, I'm sorry, my hands are really cold.
And they're freezing.
And I start laughing and he's laughing.
And we're just...
He's like...
And I'm like...
And he's laughing.
Is this on your balls or your butthole?
Both.
Wait, that's not at the same time.
And he's just like, I'm sorry, my hands are...
He says it.
He touches my balls and I go...
And then he starts...
He backs up.
He's like, I'm sorry, my hands are really cold.
I'm like, it's okay.
Just keep going.
And we start laughing at this situation.
And I'm like...
And I'm like, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
He says, no, it's okay.
It's okay.
You're fine.
We're just sitting there laughing.
And it's like, you're fine, okay, here's whatever's assigned this piece of paper.
And he left and I got dressed.
And I went out and Ryan Ridley was in the waiting room.
And he was going in to see the same doctor to have the same procedure.
And I said, hey, I warmed him up for you.
Go enjoy yourself.
That would be funny even if his hands weren't cold.
Warmed him up for him.
But you literally warmed him up.
You gave him your hot bottles and your ass.
And his hands are now ready to go.
What are you doing here?
Well, you know, it's that time of the year and we're that age.
So have at it, son.
16,000 miles.
You're very like when you go into a public restroom.
I'm not a germaphobe about public restrooms.
I think it's disgusting when the seats are visibly anything.
But provided there's no visible anything on the seat,
if you ever like, you know, nobody wants to like,
nobody wants to contact each other or, you know, like,
we'd all prefer if when we went to the bathroom,
nobody else was involved or that there was just that the timing worked for everybody
so that everyone had their privacy.
And, you know, nature of the beast.
Sometimes the storyboard artist is just coming out.
You're going in.
Have you ever like, you know, the seats like nice and clean?
You sit down and take a poop and it's like the seats all warm.
And you're kind of like, I made eye contact with the man
who right now I'm so grateful for.
Oh, a lot of people really don't like that.
But you like it.
I'm like, it's a weird duality thing where I'm like, I'm like, ah, gross.
But like with a big smile on my face because it's like,
like it's only intellectually gross.
It's physically comforting.
It's a heated toilet seat.
I mean, it's only if you think about why that it's like gross.
And then you kind of like, you're like, boy, this species, you know,
the Rick and Morty toilet system is needs to there needs to be something
because there's like, how many employees do you have?
You don't even know.
I think it's a human rights violation.
And then there's like one urinal and two toilets.
And then when squash games moves in, there's going to be double.
It's like so much waiting to go to the old building, which you were never at.
The old building, we just kept going, well, we're going to go to a new building.
At the old building, everybody had to be given.
I have to shit on the third floor.
I'm going to go down in the elevator solution to go shit in the first,
because it's just, you know, in the afternoon, when you, when you get the,
when you get the after lunch, ready to go after lunch bubble.
Yeah.
You know, reverse pez, baby.
Yeah, you got to go there.
Have a little privacy.
Yeah.
So you can, because otherwise you just, there's no, I'm dancing around the issue.
Well, yeah, we don't want to be a gross podcast.
No, we don't want to be a gross podcast.
We're classy.
I don't, I'm just saying it's embarrassing because you're saying like,
cause you could, you could like, okay.
Can I tell you something?
We all know what we're doing in the stall, right?
I mean, come on.
Let's be adults here.
Yeah.
So if you hear something.
We're reading scripts.
Right.
Okay.
But then you make all the...
Instagramming.
All right.
Go ahead.
What?
No, go ahead.
I mean, I don't know.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
You wanted him to have energy.
Just go.
I just, I was making like two, man.
All right.
Yeah.
No, it's the worst.
And then you open the door and then there's the new show runner, you know, and it's like,
huh, that's what it sounds like.
All these guys, like everyone knows what my shoes look like.
And like, you know what's worst about that bathroom?
It's arguable that the two stalls, cause there was one stall in the old building, one year
and one stall, and then it was like everyone had to poop on different floors.
Now there's two stalls one year and all.
I think it's worse.
Here's why.
First stall, handicap stall, whatever we call it now.
Handicap.
Proud stall.
Super power stall.
I don't know.
Free speech zone.
It's the one you're not supposed to use if you have, if both are available.
I've never heard...
I've recently heard about this.
They could just use it forever.
And then now I'm hearing like it's like a rude thing to do.
Well, it's like the fast lane.
Well, just on the off chance.
No, I get the logic.
It makes perfect sense.
But, you know, so the door on that stall has resting locked face.
You can't tell if anyone's in there without pushing on it.
Which is everyone's nightmare if they're in there.
Yeah.
All the more I imagine if they're differently abled.
But everyone's differently abled when they're pooping.
Don't, don't quote me on that.
Episode's title.
Don't use that as the title.
That's because it's going to, people are going to still see the title and they go,
oh, this is Jordan Peterson-ing about it, like handicap stalls.
Everyone's differently abled when they're pooping.
If you think about it, like and subscribe.
I've never watched any of his videos, I'm sure.
You can't, you didn't get his voice.
He has a, he has like a kermit.
So you got to like go in there and like, like big bad wolf on somebody's, some little
piggies poop session.
And then once you've done that, so now they hate you.
So if they're in there, now you're like rattle, rattle, and they're, and they're like,
read the room.
Like they're just going to sit there and be quiet.
They're not going to go occupado.
Like sorry, buddy, almost.
Make them feel bad.
You mean, so you mean it's like, you're almost done.
You're like close, but no cigar.
No, I do mean I'm almost done, even if I'm not.
Here's another thing.
You miss 100% of the shots, you don't take, you know.
Here's another thing, the non-differently abled stall.
The small stall.
The small stall doesn't lock.
No, it doesn't lock.
It doesn't lock.
That one, you got to hook your foot under the door, lift with your strained groin until
the bolt mechanism will slide in.
So now you're rattling everything.
That took me a week to figure out that until Brandon told me.
These are the cinder block walls.
Yeah.
All the walls are just shaking.
So the person, if it's their first poop in this building, they're going like, who is
this maniac?
He better poop nice and quiet, or I'm going to judge him by his new balances.
When we go back out there and I'm drawing his fucking dumb ideas that he's going to
change in a week, if those shoes walk by me, I'm going to spill the tea in the fucking
break room.
I'll tell you that.
Dan Harmon's a shaky pooper.
He's loud too.
There's no break room.
We're all working for a fucking loud poopin maniac.
That was so title.
It's just awful.
I'll tell you what's worse than that.
I went to Dino's house for fried chicken on Sunday.
Sidebar, because we like to give you a little bit of good news in these podcasts.
If you crush pork rinds and use those in lieu of breadcrumbs, zero carb fried chicken.
All right.
God be with you.
It's probably not healthy, but it's zero carbs.
There's no bread.
It's fucking pork rinds.
Why don't we think of this?
You could crush up the pork rinds, put a roll of chicken in them and fry that.
For God's sake.
It tasted great.
Yeah, so then, time to do it.
Another guy goes in Dino's bathroom.
I'm like, ugh, he had the right idea.
Dino goes, I got two bathrooms.
No, you don't.
You live in a P.O. box.
The guest house.
There's kids in there.
It's a guest house to a P.O. box.
It's a tiny, tiny, tiny, it's a bird house.
And there's a TV in it where usually if people got kids, the kids will go in there and they'll
watch like fucking Peppa Pig or whatever.
That show fucking sucks.
I watched it for like two hours with my soon-to-be niece for the Disneyland trip.
Did I talk about this when I was black out?
Not to me.
Did you know, have you seen this fucking thing?
Dino's house?
No, Peppa Pig.
You know, the pigs, all of their heads are drawn identically.
If you asked a six-year-old to draw a penis as fast as they could, that's what all the pigs,
their heads are dicks and balls.
Yeah.
But I think there's satanic magic happening with that show because the three-year-old,
she loves Peppa Pig.
So I wanted to be a good uncle, get on her good side.
I'm like, maybe we'll watch Peppa Pig.
She's like, I want to sleep with Aunt Cody and Uncle Doodoo Bear.
That's what they call me.
Why?
I kind of came up with it because I knew if I had a nickname that, when we had, we had
Walkie Talkies in the desert and I'm like, I'm an interloper.
I'm an outsider.
I gotta, I gotta be fun, you know, and I'm not a naturally fun person.
And I don't want to put any energy into being fun.
What if I had a fun name?
Well, you can't just name yourself.
Walkie Talkies.
I was just like, Breaker Breaker.
And it gave it like an improvisational sound.
I was like, this is Doodoo Bear.
Oh boy, they think they've, you know, they're hacking the system, calling me that.
I'm like, you've been manipulated.
I'm Ronald McDonald, a zero effort.
I'm like a fucking star.
I might have kids.
I didn't know how easy it was.
So, so, so, so, so Dino goes, I go, I go, I'm not going to shit in the tiny guest house
where the kids lay in the, in the, in the fold out bed and watch TV.
And Dino goes, it's just Finn.
That's IO's kid, ex-girlfriend of mine.
He's like, how old do you think Finn is?
He's like eight or something.
I've never met him.
He's sentient, but it's just him.
And I was, we're kind of like, yeah, he's like a, he's kind of like the feral kid in Road Warrior.
He's really smart, but he's just like, he's like an animal person.
And I mean, like, like, like in a good way, like we just, we make fun of him.
It's like, you know, bad mother, bad mother.
No, I'm kidding.
All right.
But he's laying there.
He's watching some things.
He's zoned out.
But this is like, I walked in and like 46 year old man, I walk in.
I got to walk past him.
There's this tiny little bathroom.
The whole place is like six cubic feet.
He's watching Peppa Pig.
He's watching God.
I don't know what he's watching.
I'm too, I got too much anxiety.
Dragon Riders.
Like he's watching some garbage that kids think is weird.
Dino Riders.
Yeah.
Like some fucking time, time warriors or some shit.
Time Riders.
And so I get, I get, I get to the bathroom door.
It's like this thin sliding door.
Do you say anything to him?
Because I was like, what am I doing?
I stopped and I paused and I'm like, why are you pausing?
And then I like turned around and he's like sitting there.
There's like long haired eight year old California kid like glassy eyed watching his goddamn fucking
robots or whatever.
And then he looks at me and I go, I'm going to take a huge dump.
And, and I go in and that's exactly what I did.
But it was loud.
So I like ran the sink, but I'm like, not fooling anybody.
What do you think?
You think he thinks you're like washing your hands for an hour?
I ran it anyway.
Like, do you know what I think?
I wipe my ass.
I wash my hands.
They fucking finish up.
Check, check the Instagram.
Got a lot of likes.
I come out of the thing ago and I give him a thumbs up.
And, and he, look, I could lie at this point in the story and say that he said anything
so that he deserved this, but it was really just my own shame.
It just, he's just kind of like, like an eye roll.
And I, and I, and I, and then I, and I got all the way to the exit door and I was like,
yeah, well, I have a car.
What did he do then?
I'm not going to fucking stick around.
So they call that the, the wit of the staircase in French, you know, that's fucking like,
I came up with a comeback on the way out.
I was like, well, get out of here.
He's going to fucking slay me if I stick around because he'll be like, who cares?
And I'll be, I won't have a comeback for that.
Nope.
I took a big shit.
Okay.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Judge it.
I fucking, I've kissed girls.
That would have been better.
I have beer in my fridge.
I can't even pronounce.
I don't know.
You're fucking eight.
Good luck.
You're fucking eight would have been good.
Here's a, here's a, here's a, here's a couple of tips for you, buddy.
Grow gills.
I mean, I had a pretty heavy carbon footprint.
Exactly.
Grow gills.
Yeah.
Why?
Cause I ain't leaving him any ice caps.
You know what I'm saying?
I thought it was related to the shit.
No.
Grow gills.
Cause that's going to start overflowing any seconds.
Cause of the girth of my stool.
Better grow some gills.
I wasn't bragging about my big shit.
It was just like, I kind of just spoke bad.
I mean, it just, I, if it was an adult, there's a thing is if it was an adult, I wouldn't
have shit in there.
Cause I'd be like, well, no one wants to shit that close to their face.
So you would have went in there.
You would have closed the door and just sat there for a couple of minutes.
I've done this.
So cause it was a kid, I felt like well the kids getting like, he's getting like abused,
you know, he mistreated.
Like it's like, he doesn't have power.
He's like, where are the only TV is.
So I was like, I was like, all right, well, at least, at least I can do is level with
him.
I'm going to take a big shit.
That was my thought process.
I'm like, I don't like being part of the, the elder orarchy.
You know, it's like, oh, you're eight.
You can't vote to fuck off.
Like that's, you know, you try to respect these people a little bit.
Like, hey, big poop coming.
I don't know if you want to just like prepare for it or you're going to hear some shit.
Like it's fucked up.
Like if you were 40, I wouldn't do it.
But if you're 40, you wouldn't be watching fucking stupid ass hologram dinosaurs.
Whatever.
Saving teddy bears.
Fucking idiot.
What is this shit?
What are you watching?
It's dumb.
How do you know when you're finished?
Yeah, you're, you're giving him shit for you watching this animated hologram robot
show.
Your show has some holograms and robots and happens to be animated.
I think I've seen a teddy bear in it.
Yeah.
And you kind of bear sites kind of leavey.
Can you send somebody?
Come on.
Oh yeah.
No, no, no ice thingy.
Leavey, bring the ice thingy.
I mean, if I, if I leave this stage, this show, I'll go right into the, right into the dumpster.
I run a tight ship.
All right.
So thanks, leavey.
So isn't there any more?
Thank you.
I think he's sick.
Is there more to quantum suicide than, than just because what you're describing is just
religion.
He thought he was going to die and by dying.
Okay, I get it now.
So he wasn't going, oh, I hate my life.
I'm going to kill myself.
He goes, um, I'm okay.
But what if I was taller and then jumped off a cliff?
Well, he thought he was getting out of the matrix.
Like he thought he was breaking through.
He found a hack.
Right.
He thought like it was almost like a creepy pasta ritual or something because he brought
his pets.
Yeah, he brought it.
He brought some caged animals.
He brought his pets dog.
Yeah, no, you wouldn't like it.
He left them out there in the freezing cold like carriers.
Yeah, it was bad.
He was a dick.
Well, he's dead.
Usually you'll be happy to know.
I am.
Um, but it's, it is the crez, one of the craziest stories in a genre of that is just riddled
with WTFs and, and OMGs.
Yeah, I think he had a psychotic break and he, uh, he like, he like, he like invited this
girl that wasn't even his girlfriend.
It's like they, they had dated, then they weren't, they're not.
I call it a Moby.
Um, he had talked to her a little bit.
There's a applause from the, from the movies.
Movies got it bad enough.
What are we doing?
What am I trying to, like what was it like when the white nighting Moby is like everyone's
just drowning in the same pool.
I'm like shoving his head under like that's like that's like that's going to keep me safe.
I already got me one and a half.
All right.
Okay.
I only have to get me point five.
Me one and a half.
Uh, fucking idiot.
So he dated a lady and then then then then he stopped dating a lady and he invited her
out.
So you want to do something cool?
You want to supervise my suicide.
Um, he had made sure to leave her.
Like it was clear to her that when he died, she was going to get some money.
Yeah.
It was $180,000.
I think.
Um, but your theory based on the various clues, uh, is that he always fully intended for her
to do it with him.
And, uh, and then he was, he knew he, he could only lure anyone out.
Even, I mean, he, yeah, he could, he could, you, you, you, you, you, you, the only way
he could get someone to attend his suicide was to bribe them, especially if your plan
is for them to join.
Yeah.
I mean, it was, it was, that was the amount of money it was going to take to be able to
manipulate her through the process of that ritual all the way to the end.
So he basically like grabbed her hand on the way down, right?
Yeah.
I mean, so basically the whole way he's telling, he's taking her farther and farther through
it, um, knowing that he has the leverage of the money because otherwise he's asking her
to do some very crazy things and there's no benefit to her whatsoever.
She wasn't suicidal.
But she had a knife which put a pit in why, but, um, uh,
Well, it came from his apartment.
So we assume he brought it.
It was like, it was like, ostensibly like, Oh, I'll bring that knife.
Cause then if I jump, it's weird though that he would be planning for the jump to be unsuccessful.
If I don't, if I don't, if the jump doesn't finish me, I'll start stabbing myself.
I mean,
Yeah.
Well, I think, I think the part of that is the fact that he's trying to solve an emotional
problem physically.
And so what's happening is he's jumping off this cliff, but he's chosen a short cliff
because he doesn't really want to die, but he thinks this quantum suicide thing is a great
thing because he's falling into this mental illness.
But, um, it's an interesting process, but, um, yeah, very disturbing.
But basically he jumps, neither of them die.
He pulls her down.
She's got a knife.
She's so pissed.
She kills him.
I'm sorry.
I'm laughing, but it's okay.
Uh, she's in prison.
Yeah.
She got life in prison.
That's just self-defense.
Well, she, well, she didn't, she didn't.
There's more to the story.
Yeah.
I mean, she, she, she slit his throat.
Like, yeah.
So long story short, they go, they go off the cliff.
Um, he has pulled her off the cliff by grabbing her hand and kill anyone.
They have the knife.
They assume the knife was to finish the job on either one of them.
If they lived, um, he got up first, he helped her to her feet according to her.
And they walked about a mile and a half into the forest.
Now they're completely nude.
It's the middle of the winter.
It's raining.
It's freezing cold and temperatures right about freezing.
And, um, they basically get about a mile and a half and they get to a creek and they're
about to cross this creek and then suddenly her story gets a little fuzzy and he ends
down in the creek with his throat cut and it's not just cut.
I mean, he's almost decapitated.
So, um, it looks like he was cut between three to seven times and she suggested that he was
the one who cut his own throat.
Right.
It's kind of, yeah.
It almost, well, I guess that she would probably only serve a couple of years if in fact it
was just bottom of the cliff.
She stabbed him to death, like, because then she could tell all of the truth and be like,
this dick and the judge would be like, yeah, or the jury would go like, okay, I mean, no
one's in their right mind when someone who they think they're just helping commit suicide
grabs their hand, pulls them down and you had a knife and he sounds like a real jerk.
He left his pets in a fucking box up there.
And when he pulled you down with him, that meant he was fine with his fucking animals
freezing to death.
Yeah.
But anyways, but the weird thing is that she's a life in prison because of the, just because
it took her a while and also her insistence that it was his, that not only that he demanded
that she kill him, but that he physically told her to put, to stand behind him and put
the knife up to his throat and in her version of the story, she's like, and I wasn't sure
what he was up to at that point.
And then he took my hand and started sawing and it's like, like, geez, I mean, well, you're
asking us to believe like, it would be easier to believe you were mad at, at a dick.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, I think the toughest part of it for the, you know, for the jury and for the police as
well, is that when they found her, she started telling one story.
And as they moved through the paramedics to the police, to multiple interviews with detectives,
she told a different story about his death each time.
And so it just kept evolving to a point where she had more and more involvement.
And so once she told the story about five times, her hand was on the knife with his.
And so at that point, she can't go any farther and concede anything more.
But we know that there is more that she actually killed him because her story has.
Okay.
So she started with the simplest thing, which is like, she walked for a while and he slit
his own throat.
And she first, oh no, she first says that he died from injuries when he fell off the
cliff.
No, obviously.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's what she told the paramedics.
And they testified to that.
And so she, she, that's what she first said.
And obviously that's not true.
And then she said that he fell on a knife in the woods.
And obviously that's not going over too well.
So from there, it became that she was actually at the creek and he killed himself.
But then due to the number of slices across the throat, they assumed that he wouldn't
be able to do that.
And she started to concede a little more with each detective interview.
And finally, once they had her hand on the knife, then they didn't bother to go any farther.
It felt like they had enough.
Yeah.
So did he believe in multiple universes or realities or whatever?
I mean, that was the, it was basically quantum mysticism.
And so he was thinking that there was another version of him somewhere else.
And in a parallel universe or alternate reality where he was going to die from this quantum
suicide and then assume that other life where he made different decisions and he was going
to be happier.
And obviously that adds him.
Did you think he thought she was going to die or do you think she, like, he thought like,
oh, she'll be like, grist for the mill.
Like.
Yeah.
I think he fully intended for her to die and to transcend this world with him.
I think he wanted to take someone with him.
Right.
Like, yeah.
Okay.
And then she was not aware of that.
She was like, promising her that money to get her up on the cliff.
And then, and then they're like wandering around the metaphysical realm together or in some
world that's made of pizza.
And she's like, why am I here?
And he's like, I pulled you down.
And she's like, you son of a bitch, I'll take pepperoni.
Tell me about your day.
It's the Chris Pratt passengers movie relationship.
You did what?
You life ruin her.
Give me that dick.
I can't stay mad at you.
I haven't seen past that movie is hysterical.
I've told you, I've said this before and nobody laughed when I said this, but I'm telling
you, you got to watch the movie and you got to give me some fucking credit because it
was so like, and I'm sorry, it's a, it's a, it's a crass area.
But obviously, like what he's doing is, is essentially like, like it's like a, a, a,
it's a, it's a, it's a non consensual, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
abduction, uh, uh, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, yeah, he's assaulting her life.
Um, right.
He kind of, you know, way sentences her to death.
Right.
And then I made the joke and it, you know, we kept using the R word.
I'm going to use the R word as infrequently as possible in my hilarious like appraisal
of the movie, but, but, but, but, but like Cody and I are using it.
It's like, it's like, this is, it's like, geez, it's like, okay.
And then I made the joke.
I was like, well, there's only one way out of this feature film story, like third, the
bottom of the second act, the, the spaceship's going to need to be raped and he'll somehow
do it.
It's absolutely what happened.
There's a hole on the ship that he had to go into that didn't want you in it, that it's
all explained, like there's a hole and he has to like go in it, force his way up it.
And it's just so, it's like the ship won't want you in that hole and it'll try to blast
you out.
But if you can just stay in there and stay alive long enough to pull this lever, you'll
save everybody and, and that's the act that he does that, of course, when you come back
from that, she's like, you know, it all comes out in the wash, like, you know, because I'm
mad at you for doing the first thing, but then you, then you've, then you, you've saved
the ship and then they plant a tree and grow old together.
Nobody's laughing again.
Sometimes it's, it's just a man, I mean, I, like, I did like to watch a movie and you're
like, I, like, there's, I, to make that joke and then they have the joke that you made
that you did not expect, but it was like fucking actually what they wrote.
It's fantastic.
It'd be like if you were watching Monster House and I was like, well, there's only one
way out of this, probably find out the house is like a sad fat person and they just, just
have tea and tell the story without houses waiting across the street.
Yeah.
Making of a murderer.
You watched that documentary.
I have.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Do you hate it?
I'm not big on doc.
I mean, I love documentaries for the purpose of entertainment, but as far as investigating
a crime, they're definitely not the best thing to look at.
I mean, just for the fact that it's edited and it's, you know, it's a created narrative,
whether it's, you know, entirely true or not, it's generally edited in a way that makes
it the most entertaining.
But if you studied that case, yeah, what do you think?
Do you have?
I definitely think he's guilty.
You definitely think he's guilty.
Absolutely.
What about the kid?
I believe he was involved, but I don't know to what extent.
Yeah.
I mean, there, I mean, that, yeah, that aspect of is a little difficult because the biggest
bummer.
Yeah.
Because obviously he was mistreated very badly and so we don't really get a good sense
of the truth.
Right.
So why do you think that he did it?
What was it?
Because I mean, I watched it and I went, oh, this poor guy, but you're just, it's consistent
with his character and he also on the day that it happened, I mean, he actually set
her up to come there under false pretenses and he had already harassed her and so that's
really the next step.
And if you look at people who commit murders in that way, they generally start with things
like that and it escalates.
Yeah.
So that lie in particular.
I mean, that's the, the, the idea that you have, the, that's the problem, like the police
want to do their job really well.
They want to save the world from evil people and they like, they can't stand the idea of
somebody getting away with it or they become certain somebody did something and then maybe
sometimes they'll put their thumbs on some scales or they'll like overlook some clerical
Miranda business or something and or they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll be like, well, maybe
we can get this confession or, you know, through this means or that because they got their
eyes on the final prize and it's exactly that mentality that we have to abandon when we
watch these like cereal kind of things because it's like people go, oh, I, I'm going to debunk
cereal because I think Adnan did it.
But it's like, well, that's not really the point is rule of law.
The point is the terrible investigating, terrible law enforcement, terrible trials done terribly
where whether the person did it or not, they shouldn't be in prison by any of our definition,
our standards of jurisprudence, whatever that word means.
Like you agree, I assume, like it's like, like you can still enjoy these documentaries
without having, you know, I think people think they're ruining when they go, you know, that
guy's a bag of dicks.
He did it.
I'm like, well, still they shafted them.
I think guilt and police misconduct are not mutually exclusive.
I think most of the, most of the really interesting cases involve not only somebody who's guilty
and pretending to be innocent, but also a case where that person is making strides in
that sense because there's a lot of police misconduct.
We do see a lot of cases like that, and they're very interesting.
It's unfortunate that it takes place, but yeah, that's why I, my mind is blown by like
good, good, by the book homicide detectives, like the guys that Yardley's always having
as guests, like just like, geez, how can you suspend that dramatic part of your brain that's
like, you'd, you'd, you'd, you'd, you'd do it.
Your Asperger detective.
He'd be like, let me look around this scene.
You guys see Caddyshack?
I'm like, Caddyshack, what are you talking about?
It's a movie about resources and redirection of light.
Oh, what?
We got a fucking psycho on our hands.
Hey, he's a psycho that gets results.
The captain said, this guy came from Paris.
He's Interpol.
Watch him.
And then you just like follow like this and you're like, you're like laying down sunflower
seeds and follow the trail of them to a, a cellar door and a body falls out.
Holy shit.
This guy's got serious ass burgers and the, and the chief's chief's like, yeah, he's
got them all the way to the bank.
I've never cleared so many cases in my life.
Hey, hello to your new partner, uh, Rhea Perlman.
Yeah, I don't know.
It seems to simply be good casting.
Yeah, I, I, you and ready to, it's just in my iCloud as my ex-wife called it, as it
probably goes.
I had dinner with a, a DeVito, I thinking about Rhea Perlman somewhere in the back
of my head for casting, I don't know.
Which DeVito?
There were several DeVito's at the dinner, dick.
There's a lot of DeVito's.
So fuck you.
Shit.
So which DeVito?
Two, two of them, including the big one.
Frank DeVito.
No, baby, double D.
Yeah, and you know fucking Batman walked in.
Yeah, I know.
You listened to the show.
You like it.
Fucking Michael Keaton came in.
Yeah.
Remember when we met, we met Michael Keaton like 20 years ago?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was like the first famous person we ever like saw.
After Stiller.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Cause we made Heat Fusion a jacket.
That's why Michael Keaton wanted to meet us.
Yeah, and it was just like, we're like standing, standing outside his Santa Monica office.
Like, and I just, I thought I was going to pass out.
I was that nervous.
Cause it was like, what are we doing?
Why are we meeting Michael Keaton?
What does he want?
It's like a Saturday.
Yeah.
And then we saw a car drive by and we're like, do you think that was Michael Keaton's car?
Like what is he, does he come up on a scooter?
We're like on that ocean drive or whatever where it's just like, there's people are just
rollerblading.
Like there's no way to.
It's almost like a dream.
I can't, I don't.
Was he going to paraglide in?
Is Michael Keaton already in there and he's just hiding?
But I think he, I think he drove in and like parked.
That's how fucking good that script was.
Yeah.
Batman said, hey, come over to my house on a Sunday.
Let me be with these guys.
I want to meet with these guys.
You know, I read this script.
I want these guys to come in.
Let me, let me talk to them.
Let me pick their brain.
I think that's a pretty good Michael Keaton.
Norm MacDonald does a pretty good Michael Keaton impression.
Better than that?
Who are you doing?
Let me meet these guys.
Yeah.
Now I lost it.
I always, I do, I do great first impressions.
Michael Keaton.
Anyways.
So what, wait, wait, wait, but remember, remember how he opened the door?
He was just like, he opened it so fast.
You remember, right?
You remember the moment of meeting Michael Keaton?
I'm vaguely, vaguely remembering.
Oh, you know what?
I thought that you and I shared that it was like, that's implanted in our memory.
Like, who could...
It isn't, it isn't.
I mean, but...
Our standard was sidewalk.
We're like, how is Michael Keaton going to arrive?
I was seriously frying out.
I was freaking out.
And then he just like, the door just flew open, just flew open and he had just had this look
and he was like, hey.
Yeah.
Like he was, like he had been in there and he was worried, he was late and it was
like, the door couldn't open fast enough and it was just like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And then we just, you think we blew that meeting?
Well, we...
If the goal was to develop with Michael Keaton, we blew it.
We blew it, yeah.
Yeah, we walked out without...
I think, I think, you know, I mean, I was like, yeah, meeting Michael Keaton.
I mean, like I was, you probably did all the talking and I just sat there going, but yeah,
I hardly remember any of it because I was probably freaking out.
Well, the conclusion of it was that we were both kind of like, because he was basically
saying to us, I mean, he said a lot about a lot of stuff, like the kinds of characters
he likes to play.
I mean, it's like, I look back on it and go like, geez, should be so lucky.
It's not that we thought we weren't, it's not like we were looking down at it, but we just,
I mean, it was like, it's like, like, he was basically like kind of saying, write something
for me and I'll use my name and thing, you know, or he wasn't actually saying, write
something for me.
That's the thing.
He was one of those things because he was a movie star, he was like, oh, you know, I'll
EP it and I'll do a part in it.
He wanted to do what Stiller was doing with Heat Vision and Jack.
So then we were kind of just like, well, if you have any ideas, let us know.
That was like, all right, because we were like from Wisconsin, we're kind of like, well,
we don't just tell Michael Keaton what to say he created.
Like that doesn't make any sense.
We're like, well, fucking think about something and call us, Jesus Christ, let's get out of
here.
Fucking Batman, call us down here on Saturday.
I think we were like, we did act a little like, oh boy, what's up with him, he's kind
of weird.
But I think that was all about just being insecure.
I mean, from my point of view, it was being insecure, like going, oh, geez, well, we were
insecure.
Yeah.
Wait, wait, wait, me more than you.
I was like, fuck.
Yeah, we were like, how do you do a Michael Keaton meeting, right?
And then, and then the easier path was to go like, well, he did it wrong.
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, you in the mood for pretzels, buddy, get out of my brain.
Best friends.
Yeah.
I think I was driving.
Oh, well, you don't know which guy was you in that exchange, but, but, but he was, he
was being very vulnerable, communicative, like, like, uh, loquacious.
He was like, enthusiastic.
We could have done that meeting better.
I wish we could have easily turned it into a job.
Yeah.
I, we, we fucked up.
We fucked.
We fucked up the quantum world out there where we fucking went from Stiller to Keaton.
It was quantum suicide.
Yeah.
Well, well, well, no, that's the gateway is quantum suicide.
I'm, we got to get there.
Schrab, would you accompany me for how much to Griffith Park?
There's a certain wall.
Would you go in the bushes with me in Griffith Park and have a, what, what, this is your
Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's all right.
Wow. Okay. Well?
I hear that Godzilla movie didn't do as well as they thought it would.
I don't know. Is that another Godzilla movie now?
No.
Oh.
Yeah.
I don't know the difference between jokes.
It was like three weeks ago or something like that.
All I heard from it was like,
well, that Godzilla movie didn't do as well as they thought it would. Have you seen the new Godzilla movie?
Didn't even know it existed.
Okay.
And you're a detective.
The creature is 700 feet tall.
You haven't found him.
What was he hiding in Madison Square Garden?
Yeah. Come on. Come on.
Have they ever made a good one?
Shit yeah, man.
I mean, recently?
Shit fuck yeah, man.
Yeah? Which one?
Yeah. The first one is awesome. The first one's great.
And Godzilla vs. Violenta is great.
It's from the 90s. That one's fucking good.
You know what else is good?
Blade.
Blade's a fucking good movie, man.
Fucking Wesley Snipes.
Yup.
Fucking Blade is great.
Prove me wrong.
Can't.
Won't.
You can't.
Hey, can we do a Kai B blade and you'll be a whistler?
Sure.
And I'm going to come home from a rave where I killed all the vampires.
Just going to check in with you.
Riding my blade car into the warehouse.
Those nun chucks you gave me.
You gave me out of garlic.
I'm just mixing up some more garlic for you right now.
It's more blood suckers out there than ever before.
It's better be open season on suck heads because we're in the suck head killing business.
I'm thinking of getting out.
This shit's too deep.
Blade, you can't get out.
You're, you can't.
How's that cure coming?
I'm working on it.
Wait, I don't want a cure, do I?
Because I have all of their strengths and none of their weaknesses.
That's what I keep telling you.
I don't want a cure.
Do I like what I do?
Are we both on the same page?
I hope so.
Okay, that's refreshing.
I'm here because of you.
You know how Alfred's always fucking bitching at Batman.
It's like Jesus fucking Christ.
Go to a couples therapist.
Okay, same page club.
All right.
Let's see what you got.
Sorry about my comment.
I thought I was saying what you wanted to hear.
So check this out.
Sit down at the dinner table.
I think you're going to like this.
It's a new recipe.
Oh.
And I know it's not as spicy.
Because you don't like it when it's spicy.
No, no, sir.
Yeah.
Okay.
I thought maybe weapons.
Yeah, take it, take it.
Okay.
Take a taste of that.
See what you think?
You like that?
That aftertaste.
Oh, god damn.
Cilantro.
Shit.
Yeah.
God damn.
The shit you get up to.
Yeah.
Make Jack, Jack rabbit slap the bear, man.
Oh, so colloquial.
Yeah.
Hey, remember when you found me?
You, you were just a little blade.
Who came up with blade?
Was that you?
I don't remember.
Kara, you told me everything needs a name.
That's how you put it.
Yeah, that's how you refer to things by their name.
I didn't exactly get a lot of schooling.
I relied on you for not only education, but also just a basic framework of thought.
Like literally nobody told me how to speak or read or learn.
Nope.
You always told me everything needs a name.
Yep.
That's very true.
I taught you well then, because name one thing that doesn't have one.
You can't do it.
You can't name a single thing without one.
And that's the first lesson.
That's why we named you blade.
All right.
Listen to me talking.
Instead of eating this soup.
Here, try some of this bread I made.
It's full of wheat germ.
God damn.
I'm too good for you.
I'm afraid you agree.
I wake up one day, see an open window with a curtain blowing in the breeze.
And a little tear come down my cheek.
Yeah.
Why?
Why are you crying?
Why would you cry?
Don't make me say it out loud.
Well, the window, there's a drape on it.
You can close it.
Are you crying because it's cold?
And there's no window?
Because did the window break in the scenario?
Did you break a window?
Are you sad because you broke a window?
Or because the drapes are open?
What's good?
Whoa.
Okay.
Give me that.
What?
Taking my soup.
Why are you crying?
What?
In the thing.
Take my soup.
Explain yourself.
I think this is a deflection.
You know what I mean.
No, I don't.
Afraid you'll leave me because I love you.
Look at me like that.
You pulled it out of me.
Like a fang.
I was happy to leave it edgy and muscular.
Platonic.
No homo as the hip hop community says.
I don't approve of it.
Find that problematic.
You want to see the new Trident?
Yes.
Look at that.
This Trident has four dents.
There's a hidden one.
It's a quadrant.
Now, press the other button.
You can press your teeth.
You taught me how to do that.
Once a month you get a new battery.
It doesn't seem to be vibrating very hard.
I thought that a vibrating toothbrush,
I thought the whole point was for it to vibrate so hard
it shakes all the dirt off your teeth.
Your teeth are so clean it doesn't need to shake that hard.
How come it vibrates for two minutes and then stops
and then starts again?
You're supposed to do the other side.
Oh, it's like a reminder.
What a product.
Here, why don't you put this lotion on my feet?
Well, if you had to just give me a Trident,
I wouldn't be doing this.
Yeah.
That kind of makes a fart noise.
You know what that sounds like.
Okay, put those gross ass fucking gremlins up here.
Come on, you old man.
Okay.
Look like goddamn Billy Bob from showbiz pizza place.
He fucking bare feet.
Still so ticklish.
Ashy ass feet.
Look like a goddamn...
Well, they wouldn't be so ashy if you would put more cream on it.
Put some more cream on it.
What do you think I'm trying to do, you old man?
God damn it, I love you.
Stop tickling so much.
I'm not trying to tickle you.
I'm trying to hydrate.
God damn ashy ass, dry ass, wooden stumps you call feet.
You old poop.
You want to watch it again?
Watch?
Yes.
I'll get the DVD player.
Okay, great.
I'm going to walk across the linoleum.
What?
Oh, no.
Whistler!
Hold on.
What happened?
My feet are so hydrated, I slipped on the linoleum.
God damn it.
Why are we even walking over here?
Get me the med kit.
Shit.
There's one in the trident.
I'll fly there.
Did some flips.
Where are the band-aids in the stem?
Yeah, you unscrew it and then you put the band-aids on.
Oh, shit.
Shit everywhere.
Oh, shit, I'm going.
I'm going, Blade.
What?
I'm going.
No, this ain't how you go.
No, I can't do this without you.
No, I'm slipping down the hallway because of the thing.
Look, help me.
I'm going.
Oh, shit.
There's nothing I can do.
It's gone.
That's how I lost him.
Anyways, that's how I lost him.
That's very, very interesting, Mr. Blade.
And you're saying, I don't even have to fight vampires.
Only if you want to.
Just feels wrong not to.
They killed my mom.
Was it?
I mean, if that's, if making, if fighting vampires makes you feel good, then that's what you should do.
As long as you're not hurting any non-vampire people.
That's hard.
I'm a daywalker.
I can be out during the day, but they can't.
So if I sleep during the day like they do,
I'm just voluntarily being like one of them.
But if I sleep at night, that's when they do their thing.
It's like burning the candle at both ends.
Yeah.
I'm skating uphill.
Yep.
That's our time.
All right.
Do you want to give me a check?
You use Venmo?
Yeah, we can do that.
We can do that.
I don't know how.
Whistler used to do everything.
Now I'll just walk around and increasingly dilapidated Kevlar vests.
Little plastic buckles on them.
Half of them don't work anymore.
Got one katana.
Half a greasy ass fucking biker bottle full of the active ingredient of garlic.
Can't even remember the names.
Got a UV light.
It doesn't even look cool.
The only thing you can do with it is melt fat vampires.
They're in a basement.
It's not what I want to do.
I want to kick a bitch.
I've wasted enough of your time.
I'll try to get you the money in some way.
Can I keep sleeping in your basement?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here's the stairs.
Thank you.
Here they are, right here.
I'll try not to disturb you with your rest of your patience.
Well, I've been waiting, waiting for so long.
Well, thinking nothing.
DVD player.
Nothing could go wrong.
But now I know.
SpaghettiOs.
She has a built-in ability.
Cylinder of fucking gross ass old spaghettiOs plopping on a plate.
Dirty microwave.
To take everything she sees.
Beep, beep.
God damn it.
What power, 10?
What the fuck does that even mean?
And now I see I'm falling, falling for her.
She seems to have an invisible touch.
He reaches in, grabs right hold of your heart.
Go away.
All right.
Beep.
God fucking damn it.
What the fuck, shitty spaghetti?
Fucking hot.
Damn.
I tell the only person that knocks on my door to go away.
Could have been anybody.
It's not like the problem I have is...
Who is it?
Did I catch you at a bad time?
Can't be.
If you're a mimic, one of seven classes of vampire,
you should know I got a gun on the other side of this door
that'll send you off blood-sucking ass all over the wallpaper.
Just open the door, Blade.
She seems to have an invisible touch.
She reaches in, grabs right hold of your heart.
Do you still have the trident?
Oh shit, yeah.
Oh fuck.
God damn it.
There's a fourth trident.
One of them is rubbing my teeth.
I think I dropped my phone earlier.
Oh shit, find it.
It's a good movie.
See, you know, it is a great, great movie.
All right, well, is there anything to plug?
Watch, go to the...
That's some lazy improv.
That is some lazy improv.
Oh my god.
If I could beam that to us when we were like,
20, 24.
And just go, is that working so hard?
You guys are just sitting?
You're not even standing up and running?
And you're still talking about the movie we just saw last week?
Like, isn't there like hologram television?
Like about teenagers doing weird drugs on HBO?
Like, have you guys even watched Atlanta yet?
No, just rewatching Blade.
It's that good.
In fact, nothing gets better.
It's a great movie.
You know who's in that movie?
Wesley Snipes.
Who else?
Donald Logue.
Who would go on, who would build on that role to play me?
Oh shit, yeah, that's right.
All right, well, you know, I've never...
Anyway, Ryan's one of those guys that makes his own app for his podcast.
You can get...
What is it, in the app store?
Yeah, the iOS version is in the app store.
And that's when the shit really goes ham.
Is that a good thing to go ham?
Morty, Morty.
Is it good to go ham, Morty?
Because, I mean, you're, you know, behind the paywall,
that's where the magic happens.
You do spoken word shit.
You're just fucking like, you're crazy.
Oh yeah, definitely crazy, yeah.
It's great. It's fantastic.
You know, I don't want to embarrass Spencer,
but he really, you got a lot out of listening to Ryan's podcast.
I got a lot out of listening to Ryan's podcast.
Why would you be embarrassed about that?
Because...
Well, I'll tell you why. Nobody wants to be...
Nobody wants to be referred to in the third person emotionally.
I do.
I watched that happen a lot when we took the kids to Disneyland
and I was like, I know what's going on here.
Like, yeah, she wanted to meet Minnie Mouse,
but, you know, she's overwhelmed.
She didn't know Minnie Mouse was a giant fucking thing.
And then it's like, and then it's like,
adults having conversations about like,
I thought you liked Thunder Mountain.
I thought you wanted this and it's kind of like,
you're overwhelmed and you want to be like,
stop talking about what I think and like.
I need to fucking chill.
My little tiny little fucking four horsepower brain is like,
like just fucking flooded by this corporate,
goddamn heroin trip.
Like, I gotta, I gotta fucking freak out.
There was a, there were two,
three yetis on that, on that first roller coaster ride.
What's the one that's bobsled themed?
Uh, that's...
You're running.
And, uh...
Where are...
Hey!
Five-year-old Ryland was, he was in the front car.
That was his first roller coaster ever.
And I was like, in the car behind him
and I kept yelling.
I was like, what are you doing?
Because he was in the front car.
I was like, wait, no!
Did he think he was...
No way!
Do you think he was steering?
Well, I was acting like I thought he was steering.
But he might, he's five.
He might have been like, fuck, he thinks I'm steering.
I'm sorry.
I was like, this isn't even bobsledding.
What do you, do you even know what you're doing?
Did you ever, did you go on Splash Mountain?
No.
Do you know Splash Mountain?
Yeah, I've gone on it.
Do you know why it's called Splash Mountain?
Because a lady died on it?
No.
It used to be a song of the south inspired ride.
And then somebody went, oh my god, we can't do that anymore.
Yeah.
And then Splash, Darrell Hanna, Tom Hanks Splash,
came out.
Shut up.
They called it Splash Mountain.
So if you go to Splash Mountain, I think there's like,
they've just played song of the south music.
No, there's, you know, the bears in there,
there's the rabbits and the briar patch and all that stuff.
And Splash, but they call it Splash Mountain.
Come on.
It used to be called Racist Mountain.
What was it called?
Look it up.
What was it called before?
You should know what it's called if the story's true.
No, I don't because it's called Splash Mountain.
It was called Uncle Tom's, like with the teacup.
It was called something else.
The point of my story is that it's called Splash Mountain.
Then why isn't there a mermaid anywhere in there?
You've got bad information.
It's not true.
Okay.
Well, all right.
It's called what?
Zippity River Run.
Right.
That sounds authentic.
Okay.
That person's not improvising.
Now it's called Splash Mountain.
Okay.
But really is it, do you know this or are you Googling it?
Do you know if it was named after the,
if the Splash connection is true?
Okay.
I recognize the sound of Disney experts.
You don't, and you do not want to fuck with them.
So, okay.
I retreat.
All right.
Fascinating.
You're right.
You're welcome for making it possible for you to be right about something.
Check out Cold Case Murder Mysteries.
Oh shit.
We forgot, Ryan Reynolds was our guest tonight.
Should we bring him out?
I guess it's like two hours.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Well, sorry guys.
We usually have a guest and sometimes I forget about them.
We did this time.
So we'll go to a dead pool for somewhere else.
He's the Merc with a mouth.
Dan likes him because they both break the fourth wall.
Yeah.
Who else does?
I do.
You just did by saying that.
Yeah.
I don't know.
He's the mirth with the mark with the mouth.
You know, like everyone shortens mercenary too.
Yeah.
Merck.
Just stop on that hard C like you do.
Like just pretend you're saying the word mercenary and then just stop.
But he doesn't have a mouth.
He has a mouth.
But his face is a mask.
His face is not a mask.
He wears a mask over his face.
Over his mouth.
Right.
Yeah, over the mouth that he absolutely has.
Yeah.
I haven't seen this movie.
He hates Francis.
You haven't seen Deadpool?
You definitely haven't seen the movie.
You're such a fucking old, shitty fucking...
Colossus is in it.
I don't need...
What do you watch?
The Mentalist?
That's Donald Glover's joke.
Have fun being...
Eating fiber and watching The Mentalist.
Rob, what's his old ColecoVision commercials?
All right.
Okay.
Dis.
That's not a dis.
Look, Jeff's not here.
He's the one that usually knows how to end the show.
Cliff Hanger.
I guess he doesn't really know how to do it.
Yeah.
Okay, good night, everybody.
Ryan Kraus, Cold Case Murder Mystery Files.
I got it right, right?
Cold Case Murder Mysteries.
There's no files.
Not Colgate like the toothpaste.
Cold Case, right?
Not Colgate, yeah.
Thank you.
All right.
Spencer Crittenden on Bees, Rob Schrab.
Thank you so much.
We'll see you next time.
Thanks for coming out.
Drive safe.
Take a buddy to your car.
It's a terrible neighborhood.
Did you get any of that?
Yeah.